Hi, everyone.
In this lecture, we are going to get superheroes from local storage.
All right, so this is going to be our third and final class and I'm going to call it store before getting
them, we need to store them.
So we are going to say store superheroes and this class is going to be is not going to be instantiated
because on the methods of this class, we are going to use the static keyword.
This is the page.
You can go ahead and read all about it.
Right.
And the reason that we we are not going to instantiated like we did here is because the methods of this
store superhero, they are going to be interconnected.
The interconnection requires multiple instantiations.
So in order to avoid multiple instantiations, we are just going to use static.
And so we avoid the use of multiple like saying same something new store superhero.
And that's like that's going to mess up our code.
So what I'm going to do here is I'm just going to write static.
You just have to write static in front of the method.
And we're going to say get super hero now.
Now we are checking if the local story has superheroes inside of.
So we are going to initialize it, initialized superheroes, a variable called superheroes.
And now we are going to say if local storage dot get item, dot get item.
What is the item name.
The item name is superheroes.
If this item is null, do what if it is not?
And at the end of the day, in the local storage, we're going to have an array.
And inside that array we are going to have objects.
Right, be them adjacent or whatever.
So we are going to say superheroes.
Just return an empty array, and if there is something inside the local storage, get that, get it.
All right.
And forgetting from the local storage, we just say local stories that get item.
And the item name is going to be superheros, so just going to just go ahead and get that item now when
the local storage gets that item, JavaScript is not going to be able to read it.
So we need to pass it.
That's why we are going to say pass.
And this path pass is actually a Jason method and we are going to store the results inside superheros.
Right.
So we are going to store it inside this array that we have.
And at the end, we just want to return our superheros, superheros.
All right.
So now we have successfully created the get item.
We are going to get items.
I know at this time if we go to application to local storage, we do have this.
So where is this?
Oh, it is.
I think it is coming from when we created this.
It's not here.
So let's reload it.
And I think it's.
Project and.
Delete it, let's delete that from the local storage and now we don't have anything inside the local
storage.
I'm going to close this window and I'm going to close this one.
I'm going to leave this one open because we will be using that.
So now we can see that the local storage is completely empty.
If I were to add this here, it is not being added inside the local storage.
The reason for that is we have not created the odd superhero method.
We are we are going to create the odd superhero method in the next lecture.
But in here, I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to call it here.
The reason that we are calling it here is I'm just going to explain it in a sec.
So we are going to say, I think superhero to local storage.
All right, because if the superhero name Universe and power are empty, we are going to show on air.
If they're not empty, it means that they have been completely filled out.
It means that there is some entry there.
We want to grab that entry and store it to the local storage.
What is the class that is dealing with local storage that is super store superhero and we are going
to add superhero and we are going to pass in our entry.
So our entry is going to have a superhero name.
This is the entry name Universe and Power, and then we are going to store it inside the local storage.
So that's it for this lecture.
See you guys in the next one.